docs: add info about the edge compatibility (#68)
fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-server-api-node-sdk: readme.md

const visit = visitWebhookBody as unknown as VisitWebhook;
```

### Compatibility

> This SDK might be also compatible, however not actively tested, with some runtimes that are incompatible with the NodeJS environment (such as [NextJS Edge](https://beta.nextjs.org/docs/rendering/edge-and-nodejs-runtimes#edge-runtime) runtime). The proper behavior might be achieved by passing the environment's native `fetch()` function with the proper binding: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This SDK might be also compatible, however not actively tested, with JavaScript "edge" runtimes that do not support all Node APIs, for example, [Vercel Edge Runtime](https://edge-runtime.vercel.app/), or [Cloudflare Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/). 

To make it work, replace the SDK's built-in fetch function (which relies on Node APIs) with the runtime's native `fetch` function. Pass the function into the constructor with proper binding: 
```

- Tweak for more specificity
- Link to Vercel, not Next docs (the suggestion is presumably also applicable to Remix, SvelteKit, etc apps running on Vercel)
- Add Cloudflare workers as an example
